README.md, before:

[![Latest Version on Packagist](http://img.shields.io/packagist/v/cliffparnitzky/document-management-system.svg?style=flat)](https://packagist.org/packages/cliffparnitzky/document-management-system)
[![Installations via composer per month](http://img.shields.io/packagist/dm/cliffparnitzky/document-management-system.svg?style=flat)](https://packagist.org/packages/cliffparnitzky/document-management-system)
[![Installations via composer total](http://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/cliffparnitzky/document-management-system.svg?style=flat)](https://packagist.org/packages/cliffparnitzky/document-management-system)

Contao Extension: DocumentManagementSystem
==========================================

<img align="right" width="200" height="200" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ContaoDMS/documentation/master/logo/ContaoDMS_Logo_200x200.png">

Provides a document management system for the [Contao](http://contao.org) CMS.

It offers the possibility to store versioned files in an unlimited category structure.

Access will be controlled by with defined rights for each category and member group. The system uses the [Contao](http://contao.org) build in members and member groups.

For news and infos follow [@ContaoDMS](https://twitter.com/ContaoDMS).


Installation
------------

The extension can be installed using the Contao extension manager in the Contao
back end. If you prefer to install it manually, download the files here:

http://www.contao.org/de/extension-list/view/DokManSystem.html


Tracker
-------

https://github.com/ContaoDMS/dms/issues


Compatibility
-------------

- min. version: Contao 2.9.5
- max. version: Contao 2.11.x


Dependency
----------

- There are no dependencies to other extensions, that have to be installed.


Migration
---------

For migrating from version 1.* to 2.* please backup the database and use the migration instructions at https://github.com/ContaoDMS/migration


Documentation, Configuration and Customization
----------------------------------------------

For documentation hints please have a look at https://github.com/ContaoDMS/documentation.

For configuration hints please have a look at https://github.com/ContaoDMS/configuration.

For customization hints please have a look at https://github.com/ContaoDMS/customization.


Screenshots
-----------

![Screenshot: Access rights](https://raw.github.com/ContaoDMS/dms/master/screenshot_access_rights.jpg)

![Screenshot: categories](https://raw.github.com/ContaoDMS/dms/master/screenshot_categories.jpg)

Commit message:

Next MS is 3.0.0, changing composer package name

README.md, after:

[![Latest Version on Packagist](http://img.shields.io/packagist/v/cliffparnitzky/document-management-system.svg?style=flat)](https://packagist.org/packages/cliffparnitzky/document-management-system)
[![Installations via composer per month](http://img.shields.io/packagist/dm/cliffparnitzky/document-management-system.svg?style=flat)](https://packagist.org/packages/cliffparnitzky/document-management-system)
[![Installations via composer total](http://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/cliffparnitzky/document-management-system.svg?style=flat)](https://packagist.org/packages/cliffparnitzky/document-management-system)

Contao Extension: DocumentManagementSystem
==========================================

<img align="right" width="200" height="200" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ContaoDMS/documentation/master/logo/ContaoDMS_Logo_200x200.png">

Provides a document management system for the [Contao](http://contao.org) CMS.

It offers the possibility to store versioned files in an unlimited category structure.

Access will be controlled by with defined rights for each category and member group. The system uses the [Contao](http://contao.org) build in members and member groups.

For news and infos follow [@ContaoDMS](https://twitter.com/ContaoDMS).


Installation
------------

The extension can be installed using the Contao extension manager in the Contao backend.

Or install it via [composer](https://packagist.org/packages/contao-dms/dms).

If you prefer to install it manually, download the latest release here: https://github.com/ContaoDMS/dms/releases


Tracker
-------

https://github.com/ContaoDMS/dms/issues


Compatibility
-------------

- min. version: Contao 2.9.5
- max. version: Contao 2.11.x


Dependency
----------

- There are no dependencies to other extensions, that have to be installed.


Migration
---------

For migrating from version 1.* to 2.* please backup the database and use the migration instructions at https://github.com/ContaoDMS/migration


Documentation, Configuration and Customization
----------------------------------------------

For documentation hints please have a look at https://github.com/ContaoDMS/documentation.

For configuration hints please have a look at https://github.com/ContaoDMS/configuration.

For customization hints please have a look at https://github.com/ContaoDMS/customization.


Screenshots
-----------

![Screenshot: Access rights](https://raw.github.com/ContaoDMS/dms/master/screenshot_access_rights.jpg)

![Screenshot: categories](https://raw.github.com/ContaoDMS/dms/master/screenshot_categories.jpg)
